hello im sue McMahon and I'm cookery
editor of Woman's Weekly magazine and
I'm going to show you how to make lemon
meringue nests which is a really quick
and easy dessert for this I need some
ready-made meringue nests then the
filling is creme fraiche and lemon curd
use a really good quality lemon curd
because that gives a nice sharp flavor
to the filling then for decoration some
raspberries some icing sugar to dust
over the top and a few sprigs of mint
you
now the recipe for this is really easy
and there's no exact quantities you can
just make up enough for however many you
want to serve so I'm using about half a
carton of creme fraiche and I'm going to
add a couple of spoons of the lemon curd
I get to mix this in then when it's
evenly mixed that's ready to use for the
film so I'm going to take the meringue
nests and put them under serving plates
spoon some of the lemon mixture into the
center of each meringue list and then
decorate with some of the raspberries
then I'm going to dust over a little bit
of icing sugar
and then put a sprig of mint on to the
top of age
so those are the quick desserts all
ready to eat
you
and I recommend that they reached and
fairly soon after they made otherwise
the meringue starts to go soft from the
cream
you